Add RFCs to the Graph module roadmap (#1057)
blockprotocol/blockprotocol: apps/site/src/_pages/docs/4_spec/99_rfcs_and_roadmap.mdx

### Graph

> #### Entity type inheritance and forking

Author: We had renamed the top level of the RFC to be `inheritance` and `forking` and then use extension/duplication in the RFC text itself to make it clear that there were some caveats. I think calling it inheritance/forking here is fine for people recognizing what we mean

> Entity types in the Graph module are currently unable to inherit from other entity types. We'd like to add support for this in a way that doesn't break existing entity types and allows for reusability across embedding applications and end Block Protocol users. To allow for situations where a user wants to customize an entity type in a way that is non-compatible with inheritance, we want a mechanism to "fork" or "copy" an existing entity type. For in-depth motivation, a proposed implementation plan, and the wide-reaching implications [please see the RFC](https://github.com/blockprotocol/blockprotocol/pull/428).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, if a user wants to add additional information to an existing entity type, currently their only option is to make a brand new one and manually copy the structure. We'd like to add support for users to be able to "extend" types in a way that doesn't break existing entity types and allows for reusability across embedding applications and blocks. To allow for situations where a user wants to customize an entity type in a way that a non-compatible fashion, we want a mechanism to "duplicate" or "fork" an existing entity type. For in-depth motivation, a proposed implementation plan, and the wide-reaching implications [please see the RFC](https://github.com/blockprotocol/blockprotocol/pull/428).
```

> Currently, if a user wants to add additional information to an existing entity type, currently their only option is to make a brand new one and manually copy the structure. We'd like to add support for users to be able to "extend" types in a way that doesn't break existing entity types and allows for reusability across embedding applications and blocks. To allow for situations where a user wants to customize an entity type in a way that a non-compatible fashion, we want a mechanism to "duplicate" or "fork" an existing entity type. For in-depth motivation, a proposed implementation plan, and the wide-reaching implications [please see the RFC](https://github.com/blockprotocol/blockprotocol/pull/428).

Author: ```suggestion
Currently, if a user wants to add additional information to an existing entity type, their only option is to make a brand new one and manually copy the structure. We'd like to add support for users to be able to "extend" types in a way that doesn't break existing entity types and allows for reusability across embedding applications and blocks. To allow for situations where a user wants to customize an entity type in a way that a non-compatible fashion, we want a mechanism to "duplicate" or "fork" an existing entity type. For in-depth motivation, a proposed implementation plan, and the wide-reaching implications [please see the RFC](https://github.com/blockprotocol/blockprotocol/pull/428).
```

#### Non-primitive data types

> We define six primitive data types in the Graph type system. These data types define value spaces for the inner properties of entities, and are not customizable on their own. We want to be able to define constraints, validations and composition for new, non-primitive data types so that users can model their domain more accurately. You can read more about this in [this RFC](https://github.com/blockprotocol/blockprotocol/pull/355).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We define six primitive data types in the Graph type system. These data types define value spaces for the inner properties of entities, and currently are limited to basic primitives such as "text" or "number". Building robust data models will require the ability to define constraints and define validation mechanisms (think maximum/minimum lengths on properties, or applying regular expressions to define the pattern of a string). We are thinking about implementing this through allowing the creation of non-primitive data types, built off the composition and extension of other data types coupled with a suite of supported constraints. You can read more about this in [this RFC](https://github.com/blockprotocol/blockprotocol/pull/355).
```
